you
are not air suspension products Mercedes
installation
removal step 1 disconnecting the battery
to avoid the possibility of short
circuits while working with electric
components consult your owners manual on
how to disconnect your battery always
wear safety glasses when doing
automotive maintenance removal step 2
wheel removal once the vehicle is raised
start by removing the wheels lug nuts
once the lug nuts are removed carefully
take off the wheel removal step 3
removing the air shock connector in the
rear window area remove the side cover
of the Hatrack to expose the top of the
air shock then disconnect the airline
and the three mounting nuts from the top
of the air shock
removal step for removing the rear brake
caliper remove the rubber boot and
disconnect the electrical connector
leading to the shock damper solenoid
then remove the retaining clip next
loosen the two bolts on the backside of
the caliper then secure the caliper when
you are working on the right side of the
vehicle there is an extra step when you
remove the retaining clip disconnect the
sensor connector and remove the sensor
bracket then proceed as normal removal
step 5
disassembling the suspension arm start
by removing the bolt from the sway bar
end link
then disconnect the sway bar end link
remove the outer lower control arm bolt
then remove the control arm bolt
attached to the bottom of the shock
removal step 6
removing the shock assembly once the
bolts are removed the control arm will
then swing down finally remove the shock
assembly from the car install step 1
preparing the are not shock for
installation remove the three nuts on
the top mount of the shock assembly
step to installing the new shock install
the new shock into the top mounting
holes next connect the shock assembly to
the lower control arm
install step 3
assembling the lower control arm tighten
the top three nuts to the manufacturer's
specifications reconnect the airline
reinstall the Hatrack side cover next
connect the lower control arm it may be
necessary to use a jack under the
control arm to install this bolt and nut
finally reconnect the sway bar end link
install step for reconnecting the rear
brake caliper reinstall the rear brake
caliper
once the caliper is installed tighten
the two bolts on the backside of the
caliper reinstall the retaining clip
lead the electrical connector through
the wire guide clips to reinstall the
rubber boot when you are working on the
right side of the car there is an extra
step after you replace the retaining
clip reinstall the sensor connector and
the sensor bracket bolt then proceed is
normal install step 5
finishing the install install the rear
tire and tighten the lug nuts to the
manufacturer's specifications install
step 6
reconnecting the battery to avoid the
possibility of short circuits while
working with electric components consult
your owners manual on how to reconnect
your battery install step 7 testing
function lower the lifting platform
slowly start the engine and wait 2
minutes then operate the raising
function of the cars electronics finally
check the shock for leaks by test
driving the vehicle installation
completed congratulations